---
layout: post
title: Week 1 Embark on "Open-Source"
---

When I hear the term "open source", I think about something with free and public source that everyone has access to and can contribute to and distribute. It is a concept that thrives on and benefits people. Compared to "closed source", "open source" has the following advantages. Due to its availability to the public, the vast amount of contributors can make development faster and help with the discovery and fixing of bugs. It can also serve more people with its versatility. When it comes to potential problems, open-source projects can be hard to organize because it is diffcult to coordinate people from all over the world and the communication can be suboptimal between strangers without the rules and codes as strict as what a company has. It is also possible that some open-source projects can be used in harmful ways by the public despite the good intention of their creation. I decide to register for this class because I am interested in software development and the concept of "open-source". I have never contributed to an open-source project and I would like to challenge myself to work with strangers and make an impact on a project that I am interested in while acquiring new skills.
Four open source projects that I regularly use are Linux, Eclipse, JQuery, and Wikipedia. Linux is an important operating systems for programmers, as it provides clean and friendly ways to utilize the functions of hardware and allows more freedom to configure its environment. I have had internship experience in companies that heavily base on Linux. Eclipse is an IDE that I frequently use when I program in Java. It is relatively simplistic but provides many useful core functions and was the tunnel through which I completed my first computer science project in C++. JQuery is a fast and handy Javascript library that I use a lot on frontend development. It contains numerous helpful functions that can save a lot of effort compared to development in vanilla Javascript. Finally, Wikipedia helps me the most throughout my life. It is based on community, and thus it has a comprehensive database of information in which I can search for almost anything I want and the information is often up-to-date.