---
layout: post
title: Week 11 Discussion and Project
---
#### The Cathedral and the Bazaar Discussion
I have learned a lot from this discussion. The main idea was to include users in your development process, to release early and often to get more feedback, and to value their opinions. With many eyes, a program's bugs can be easily spotted, and the development process can be sped up significantly. This idea is the core of open-source development, as it emphasizes transparency, and people can collaborate on improving the product by working on isolated parts, which requires much less communication cost.  <!--more-->My favorite lesson is the one about passing your project to a competent successor when you lose interest. When I read it first, I only considered this as an action to preserve your work since it would be a waste if your hard work turned into nothing. However, it was mentioned in the class discussion that to hand over a project to a successor is being responsible not only to your project, but also to the community around the project. There can be many users who are passionate and interested in the project, and to keep it running is to value the users and to be responsible for what you started.
#### MindsDB Project
Each group did a fantastic job on the standup reports. Our group struggled a lot with the installation of the software, and through the standup reports, we noticed that it was a common issue among all groups, especially the one with Windows machines. Some groups that are blocked by communication and technological difficulties, started first with documentation contributions, which I believe is a great way to slowly begin participating in the community activities. Our group has made good progress. We fixed the installation issues and contributed to the installation guide by adding a new step to solve a common issue, and the pull request was accepted. We also helped a community member in the issue discussion to solve an issue. We are now learning the database handler for Twitter so that we can write the one for Google Fit.
#### Contributions
For this week's contribution, I added information for an archery shop, a pool hall, and a Korean restaurant on open street map. These are places that I have visited this week, and I researched their information during the visits to help complete their profile on the map. I also made an edit on a Wikipedia article about a company.