---
layout: post
title: Week 12 Tidepool and group project
---
#### The Tidepool Presentation
I have learned a lot from the Tidepool presentation given by Christopher Snider. It was a very thoughtful open-source application that helps people with type-2 diabetes to check the status of their body and insulin injections. The most outstanding feature of this application is its emphasis on radical transparency. Its development process and contents are fully public so that users can make better suggestions and ask questions efficiently. Many developers are also users of the product themselves so it is easier for them to spot places to improve. <!--more-->The idea of open source is significant in the healthcare industry. By being transparent and open to contributions from anyone, healthcare applications can gather more vital feedback from users. Users of the applications, especially those who are capable of contributing, can utilize their own experience to improve the application. In addition, software in the healthcare industry often needs careful design and transparency as it is health-related so any mistakes or opacity of the information-collecting process should be avoided as much as possible. The idea of open source can solve this issue by allowing all users to look at the internal part of the application to spot bugs and see the flow of information.
#### MindsDB Project
Our primary task now is the implementation of MindsDB's application handler with Google Fit. We have got the API from Google Fit, and we are working on learning other similar application handlers. However due to the data access difference between applications and the complicated libraries and classes of MindsDB that we need to use, we cannot simply mimic another handler, as all of them are quite different. To conquer this challenge, we will have to seek more help from the community and also look at similar application handlers of other databases with Google applications to find a way.
#### Contributions
For this week's contribution, I added information for a hotpot restaurant, a dessert shop, and a milk tea shop on open street map. I often visit these places during the weekends and I would love to share them on the map for people to spot them. I also made an edit on a Wikipedia article about a zoologist.