---
layout: post
title: Week 10 Project Work
---
#### MindsDB project
This week we have made progress on our mindsDB project. Before this week, we have had installation issues of mindsDB where the file that lists the dependencies couldn't be read by PIP. After our in-c;ass and weekly meetings, we figured out that it was because of the Windows systems' default encoding standard. Windows uses GBK by default so it can't decode the file in UTF-8 standard. I changed the system setting to use UTF-8 standard and successfully resolved the errors. However, I came across another problem, which is the failure to run the database. It runs for forever even though the installation was correct. <!--more-->I contacted the senior members in the project and one person tried to debug it for me on a video call, but he also couldn't figure out the exact issue. Since the cause is unknown, we assumed it could be the problem with software versions, so I will keep looking for a solution. In addiiton, to fixing this issue, we attended the monthly meeting of the community and the senior members shared with us the features and updates made in last week. We also found out that there is a Hackathon hosted by the community, and we are interested in joining!
#### Contributions
This week, I added a couple more locations on Open Street Map, including the food truck I visit weekly, the dessert shop that I enjoyed a lot, and a barber shop that I always go. I also made an edit on Wikipedia to fix a misused word.