---
layout: post
title: Week 9 Project and FreeDOS
---
#### MindsDB project
This week we had our mindsDB group meeting regarding our goals and progress. We are just starting on this, so our priority is to get familiar with the database setup and find a starter issue to begin contributing. I have been trying to install the database on my laptop but failed due to Windows' compatibility issues. I checked the slack questions and saw similar issues posted by others that were not resolved yet. I will have to research more to fix the versions and dependencies conflicts. For our project plan, we are looking for database-integration type of issues, and we found one related to Google Fit that was opened around two weeks ago. <!--more-->We also found MindsDB's instruction page on creating database handlers, so we decide to analyze its complexity and see if we are capable of resolving this issue. We are still unsure about the difficulty, but we believe it is an excellent place to start. 
#### FreeDOS
For the talk on Monday by Jim Hall, I was fascinated by FreeDOS. To me, it demonstrates the power of open-source development. One can raise a brilliant idea and have people all over the world work together to contribute to implementing it. I also saw that though FreeDOS might not be as well-rounded as Windows and Linux, it has its specialty and fulfills many programmers' needs. In addition, I liked Jim's insights on the education of computer science. He knows how to code but doesn't particularly teach computer science, but his emphasis on the teaching of general technology and how the basics of technology can help people make business decisions is interesting.
#### Contributions
During the past weeks, I have made many new contributions. The pull request I made that fixed the broken link on the course website was merged and successfully resolved the issue. I also found a typo on an assignment description on the course website and opened an issue, which was resolved by a classmate. In addition, I added locations of shops of cleaning service, veterinary, and locksmith. Besides that, I made some edits on Wikipedia.