---
layout: post
title: Week 3 Git Activity and Add-on Project
---

We have been introduced to an exercise that goes over the proper use of Git in classes this week. We practiced how to clone a repository, make changes, and publish them in the repository after stashing and committing them. We also learned to follow the forking and pull request procedure to contribute when we don't have write access to the repository. I found the exercise very helpful on the part about upstream repositories. I have had experience with git when cooperating with people on projects and we almost always adopted the strategy of creating branches and merging them after the  of our development. I have also tried to fork and merge through pull requests, but I never had a clear understanding of why we should do that. <!--more-->Through the exercise, I learned that we don't always have write access to the repository we are working on, especially when there are numerous contributors. Pull requests are great for a structural contribution where a submission is reviewed by another to ensure its validity. I also learned this technique of setting the original repository as the upstream so that I can easily update my forked copy with the original repository when others make changes.

As for our add-on project, we successfully finished the project and the extension is working properly. The project we are working on is called Word Replacer. It allows users to filter certain words and replace them with whatever words they want. We followed the open-source project routine and made all the files needed such as README.md, CONTRIBUTING.md, CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, and LICENSE. The README file gives a brief introduction to our project. The contribution file, on the other hand, contains the information for issue reporting and ways of contributing to the project. As a behavioral guideline, the code of conduct lists the values and rules we expect contributors to follow that ensure a friendly and fair environment. The GNU General Public License v3.0 that we adopted is the essential thing that makes our project open-source, allowing anyone to contribute, use, and distribute. Our development was overall very smooth, but we also encountered some minor challenges. We started with three people but became down on one. The programming part was great, except that we faced issues such as not knowing how to properly traverse the DOM structure of an HTML file to replace the indicated words. We self-learned some Javascript and managed to solve it successfully. Overall, the development was very good because we enjoyed the exploration of browser extensions and the feeling of accomplishment in the end. In this project, I helped with the phrasing and reviewing of the open-source files such as the README file and the code of conduct. My main contribution lies in the programming and development of the project. I studied the 'beastify' extension and successfully created the front end of the popup and the function to pass the input to the content script upon the clicking of the 'replace' button. I also wrote the basic structures for the content script.

Besides the content this week, I also made my ongoing small contributions to Wikipedia. I looked through different Wikipedia pages and found a page about a bishop with a grammatical error. I edited the page to include the missing articles as a contribution. I also found another page about a counter-terrorist special force that has a misuse of punctuation and words, which I corrected. Through this experience, I had a deeper understanding of the charisma of open source, where a gigantic database like Wikipedia can be built and maintained through the cooperation of countless contributors because of its open-source nature.