---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Open Source Project
---
I was in the group that evaluated Python. I really like this project because it is very impactful, and I have used it for many years. I deeply felt the convenience and swiftness of it, so I am very willing and excited to contribute to it. However, since it is a very mature programming language that is highly complicated, it is hard for me as an undergraduate to make significant contributions. Personally, I wrote evaluations for the projects LanguageTool and Oppia. LanguageTool is software that auto-corrects grammar, spelling, and style mistakes in multiple languages. I browsed its Github and found many open issues to work on. It is an excellent project because a contributor can help develop its Java software and write language rules to improve its functions. With these two options, a beginner can easily find places to start. However, it does not have any issues marked as beginner-friendly, and it may have a complicated structure that can become a barrier. <!--more-->Oppia, on the other hand, looks very welcoming. It aims at providing quality education to everyone. What attracts me is that the maintainers are all responsive and friendly in the issues, pull requests, and forums. It looks like newbie contributors can receive much help. Nevertheless, I have heard in class that the contribution didn't go well in past semesters, so I may have to reconsider its validity for me.

The most exciting part about working on an open-source project is the feeling of accomplishment when I make a significant contribution. Besides making minor contributions such as documentation and typo fixings, I want to fix major bugs or implement new features if possible. I want to utilize the skills and knowledge I have learned to make a difference in the project. If the project is for commercial use, I can accumulate experience for my future. If it is for humanitarian purposes, I will be delighted as I can help those in need. The biggest challenge I might face is finding important places to contribute and comprehending the project's structure to implement valuable features. It is difficult to understand the organization of a gigantic project, and it is hard to make significant contributions when many other experienced contributors are more suited to the task. I plan to spend a lot of time understanding the essential structures and seek help frequently from the experienced. Support from friendly and warm-hearted community members can make this process much simpler.

I claimed an issue on our class website's github regarding a broken link and sent a pull request that fixes the issue. Another one of my small contributions this week was adding a fantastic bubble tea shop on OpenStreetMap. I marked it on the map and added its name, address, and working hours. I also found two Wikipedia articles about a politician and an irrigation scheme with a typo and various grammatical errors and corrected them.