---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Internet Archive/Open Library
---
The introduction to Internet Archive/Open Library by Mek was fascinating. I had never known about this organization before and found it very useful for providing knowledge access and equality after the speech. As stated in Mek's presentation, access to knowledge is often controlled by the ones with power. Such an open-source sharing internet database where everyone can borrow books and software for free can reduce this monopoly phenomenon. This archive is non-profit and buys books, software, and other entity of information to lend. It improves by receiving help from the crowd, such as accepting helpful edits about book information from anyone, and it helps people by sharing knowledge in return. It works against profit-driven publishers to break the knowledge barriers. <!--more-->For example, some students in a university couldn't have access to its books due to the pandemic and had to repurchase them, and Internet Archive helped them and made the publishers unpleasant. One interesting thing I learned is the policy called control digital lending. Control digital lending is when libraries buy books, they scan them into digital versions, and once a version is borrowed, all digital versions and physical copies become inaccessible. It is an ingenious and convenient method for people to borrow books and avoids lending multiple copies. Another thing I learned is that the law in the U.S. permits that once a book is purchased, it can be legally lent out infinite times. Non-profit organizations such as Internet Archive can rely on this to help spread knowledge, while the publishers are against this since it damages their profit. I am fond of the motivation and determination of organizations like Internet Archive, and I am willing to contribute to them to help the cause they pursue. I can relate this to the idea of open source in general, where the public's contributions make the entity better, and the entity benefits the public.

So far, I have made many small contributions over the first month, and it has been going smoothly. I have enjoyed contributing to open-source content because it benefits people who use Wikipedia or OpenStreetMap. I have corrected grammatical mistakes in 7 articles on Wikipedia. They range from misuse of punctuation to wrongly structured sentences. These contributions can provide people who read the articles with a better experience. I feel fulfilled as I have been a Wikipedia user for many years, and I am happy that I can also help other users. Having done these edits allows me to have a deeper understanding of the potency of open source that builds this gigantic database from the small contributions of many people. The contributions that I am most proud of are the ones I made on OpenStreetMap. I often visit coffee shops and restaurants in Long Island City, and I found many of them missing on OpenStreetMap. There might not be many visitors to these shops, and few of them would help make them seen on the map. By marking and adding information I know about them, I can help more OpenStreetMap users to find them, and I am happy about it. My challenges were mainly about locating the potential places to contribute on Wikipedia. There are many articles, most of which are well-edited. Since I haven't found a specific article where I can contribute significant information, I can only look through different articles to search for minor mistakes. I also tried to look for errors on the course website but couldn't find any. I once tried to claim a potted issue, but it turned out to be acceptable, so I will try to find more issues in the future and diversify my contributions even more.