---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Browser Extension Reflection
---

We have gone through the browser extension project presentations of all groups. I have enjoyed the cooperation with my other team member on the Word Replacer extension. We came up with this idea in class, and we met online several times to discuss our notions and their implementations. We worked on different parts of the project simultaneously after brief discussions and applied our own and each other's advice. After that, we checked each other's work and provide feedback to fix errors and make improvements. Overall, our work was clean and efficient, and I learned that I am very fond of this type of collaboration. <!--more-->I have worked in groups that lacked active communication active participation before. From this experience, I have found that I am more adapted to working with people who communicate frequently and quickly. That way we can get help and feedback from each other in time before we proceed to the next step. As a member of a group, I am good at efficiently communicating my ideas and offering help. 

In the course of our project's development, I mainly developed the programming part of the extension. I studied the structure of the 'beastify' extension example and created the basic structures of all the programming files including different parts of the program and the manifest file. I implemented the front end of the popup window and the logic that listens for the clicking of the submit button and sends the input content to the processing script upon this event. I also created basic functions of the processing script. Besides that, I also reviewed the other team member's work and provided feedback and advice on open-source files and programming logic. We had good cooperation and helped each other a lot.

Through this process, I learned a lot about how a browser extension is built from scratch and how it is usually structured. I have had experience working with JavaScript on projects based on the MERN stack. However, I am unfamiliar with how a browser extension manifest is written and I am more familiar with it now. In a project that includes programming, I am more inclined to work on the implementation of core product logic in coding. I am passionate about programming and have had extensive experience on various projects. I like to make plans with my team members and then execute our distributed part on our own while keeping ample communication. A weekly or bi-weekly meeting is perfect as it allows a team to sync up, similar to the one in the SCRUM framework. I found that I have the skills that I accumulated through working in the Agile framework that can help my team organize a project and effectively make progress.

I think all teams have made decent projects and I would personally use many of them. One of the projects that caught my eye was the Me Like Words project, as it is very similar to our Word Replacer extension. They have the feature of having multiple word replacements at once, which is a brilliant idea and can avoid many issues. I also like the Brightspace Pdf Viewer, as it avoids the tedious downloading of the Brightspace Pdf. It solves this problem that has been bothering me for a long time. My favorite project is YouTube Interface Customizer. They have put in so much effort into the extension and it was very practical and carries numerous functions.

Besides the content about browser extensions, I have also made several small contributions. I have helped fix grammatical errors in Wikipedia articles about a celebrity, a football player, and a bishop. My contributions include adding missing articles, fixing wrong punctuation, and replacing incorrect prepositions. I also contributed to OpenStreetMap by marking a Paris Baguette store that I have come across on it and filling in basic information such as the operating hours and methods of payment.
