---
layout: post
title: Week 2 Codes of Conduct and Add-on Project
---

This week we did the code of conduct activity and compared the code of conduct of multiple projects. The code of conduct document for the Go project acts as a guideline for the behaviors of the contributing community and provides methods to handle behavioral conflicts. The benefits are that contributors are restricted by the code from acting or speaking in a way that hurts the friendliness and diversity of the community. It forms a frame under which people are encouraged and bound to communicate nicely and efficiently and inappropriate behaviors can be limited, clearly identified, and appropriately punished. It also provides a structural way to report disrespectful behaviors so that the community can spot and deal with them in time and members are therefore less likely to commit them. I think other projects can also benefit from this since most open-source projects require cooperation from people who might not know each other, which can form conflicts and might induce inappropriate behaviors. Having a code of conduct can reduce and help solve these issues. <!--more-->The two differences I found between the code of conduct for the Go project and the contributor covenant are located in the "scope" and "conflict resolution" sections. In the "scope" section of the Go project, while including all of the content in the same section in the contributor covenant, it widens the scope to where the code also applies when an individual's behaviors outside harm the project. I think the Go project did this because it wants to prevent the community from committing unacceptable behaviors toward other people that damage the reputation of the project and the community. The "conflict resolution" section of the contributor covenant is only the basic structural description of the issue-reporting feature, while the Go project realizes this description using detailed methods so that members know clearly how to report adverse behaviors. The link for Eclipse's code of conduct is https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php. Its major difference from the Go project is that it is more detailed in many sections and it emphasizes the "actions" and "no retaliation" aspects other than the one stated in the Go project. The "actions" section underscores the potential punishment under the circumstance where the code is violated. The "no retaliation" section clarifies the potential situation of retaliation, in where members commit adverse actions to others who raised an honest question against them. It also provides the opportunity to amend the code and values the opinion of members in situations that the code doesn't cover. I think Eclipse made these to make the code more detailed and include as many situations as possible so that behaviors are more regulated.

The code of conduct for Sugar Labs is different from the one for the Go project in that it targets parents, teachers, and children and therefore asks members to talk and behave in a family-friendly way. Since it is education-oriented, members are asked to pay more attention to the possible recipients of the information such as children. It also asks for flexibility where members should speak and behave in the right forum. It is based on the Ubuntu Code of Conduct.

An open-source project I am interested in is Python. Its code of conduct is located at https://www.python.org/psf/conduct/. It is different from the code of conduct of the Go project and the Sugar Lab in that it has a greater emphasis on the offlines scope. It includes a weapon policy, which only applies in offline meetings. It also contains a detailed description of the scope of this code by listing every single online and offline event that it applies. There are clear boundaries where this code does and does not apply.

We also did an add-on activity and I learned a lot about browser add-ons. I found that it is not as difficult as I thought to create a simple browser extension because we have a structure to follow and we can use javascript to achieve our purpose. I have had experience with javascript, and I think many elementary functions can be easily implemented, but some advanced ones need to call APIs to reach outside databases or software. Our initial design of an add-on project is one where users can type the word they would like to filter and the replacement word so that all filtered words on the current page are replaced with the replacement word. I think we can start by mimicking the structure of the example add-ons we did and use javascript to extract words and replace them. I think the most important part of the experience of making an add-on is not about the add-on itself, but the files and procedures needed to make it an open-source project on GitHub. Through this activity, I learned a lot about the significance of the README file, the LICENSE, the CODE OF CONDUCT file, and the CONTRIBUTING file. These are must-have components for an open-source project, and by properly creating them I can know what composes an open-source project, how it legally allows people to use, contribute to and distribute it, and how the files enable users to contribute efficiently.
