---
layout: post
title: Week 13 Tidepool and group project
---
#### The Tidepool Presentation
For the discussion this week, I learned a lot regarding why companies should adopt the idea of open source and how open source is integrated into business models to generate profit. Before, I thought open-source projects are mostly driven by passion and can hardly benefit profit-driven purposes because anyone can use and modify the software. After the lecture, I learned that there are many ways to build a profit-generating model around open-source projects, such as paid support, updates, consulting, and additional features. For example, some software is free for individuals or small-scale uses, but if any entity wants to incorporate it for heavy usage, they are charged. <!--more-->I believe such business models are a great balance between development efficiency and profit. Though a company can charge more for completely proprietary software, the burden of development is on its own. If part of the software is made open source, talents can be attracted and the development is made much easier with the power of collaboration. Meanwhile, core aspects are made proprietary so that the product can still generate profit. For example, the project MindsDB is partially open-source, and therefore people like me can contribute to its development. However, it also includes some paid features so that the company can still make money while receiving support from all over the internet.
#### MindsDB Project
So far our biggest accomplishments are the success to receive data from Google Fit. It was very hard at the start, and Google Fit's guide is not detailed. However, we also found non-official resources on connecting to Google Fit, and we tried and successfully authenticated the requests and receive back data. The failures are that we still need to figure out how to utilize MindsDB's libraries to connect the application to mindsDB and store the retrieved data in the required format, and we still haven't figured out a way since the example handlers vary a lot between applications. There aren't many surprises so far, except that we might have underestimated its complexity.
#### Contributions
For this week's contribution, I claimed an issue regarding a typo on the course website, fixed the issue and made a pull request. I also added two department stores and a ramen restaurant on open street map.